1. Create a function to find Prime numbers in a given range.
2. Create a function to find the Amstrong number in the range of 100 to 200
3. Take a string “Problem Solving Using Python” 
	1.Find the length of the string
	2.Change the string to lowercase
	3.Print the string in reverse order
	4.Split the string using spaces
	5.Print the string without spaces
	6.Find how many times “s” is repeated in a given string
4.Take a string “python programming by python platforms”
 	1.Find how many times “python” is repeated 
5.Create a Function to find the average of cubes of all the even numbers in a given range(lb, ub) inclusive
6.Create a Function to calculate the average first N Prime numbers.
7.Create a function to find the Perfect numbers in the given range.
8.Write a Program to find the second largest number in a given list.
9.Create a function to Convert Decimal number to Binary number.
10.Create a function to print range of multiplication tables.
11.create a function to validate phone number using Regular expressions.
12.Create a function to find special numbers in given range.
13.Create a function to print only alphabets from a string.
14.Create a function to find the factorials of the numbers in given range.
15.Create a function to find the sum of the digits of a given number.
16.Create 3 * 3 array using range parameter
17.Create a function to perform calculator operations
18.Create a function to find the first and last digits of a number
19.Create a function to find Even or odd number
20.create a function to check wheather the given string is parllindrome or not.
21.create a Dataframe of marks in 4 different subjects using range parameter.
22.Create a function to find leap years in a particular range.
23.Create a function to calculate a number divible by 2 and 3 but not by 4.
24.Create a function to find fibanoci series of given number.
25.Create a dataframe with two columns and plot scatter plot to those two columns in the same plane.



